= wiscale

Ruby Wrapper for Withings Wifi Scale API

== INSTALL:
sudo gem install wiscale

== SYNOPSIS:

Setup: <br />
<tt>
require 'wiscale' <br />
client = WiScale.new(:userid => 123, :publickey => 'asdlkfja')
</tt>

Get all measurements without any filters: <br />
<tt>measurements = client.get_meas</tt>

Get only the last measurement: <br />
<tt>measurements = client.get_meas(:limit => 1)</tt>

Get the last measurement as weight in lbs and %fat:

<tt>
measurements[0].each do |rec|
  type = rec['type'].to_i
  value = (rec['value'].to_i * (10 ** rec['unit'])).to_f

  if type == 6
    puts "Fat %: " + value.round(2)
  elsif type == 1
    puts "Weight " + (value * 2.20462262).round(2) + " lb"
  end
end
</tt>

Subscribe a URL to push notification: <br />
<tt>client.notify_subscribe('http://www.mytestingurl.com', 'this is a test')</tt>

Get the notification you just created: <br />
<tt>client.notify_get('http://www.mytestingurl.com')</tt>

Revoke the notification: <br />
<tt>client.notify_revoke('http://www.mytestingurl.com')</tt>


Get all user information: <br />
<tt>client.get_by_userid</tt>

Get a list of users for a logon: <br />
<tt>WiScale.get_users_list('myemail@address.com', 'mywithingspassword')</tt>


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jon Gaudette. See LICENSE for details.
